What's up Wastelanders! You're listening to GNR, that's Galaxy news Radio, in case you forgot. We interrupt our
regular scheduled broadcast for some news! Not too long ago, I reported that a cat had recently left Vault 101. His
name was James, good guy. Turns out, it gets better! I've got a new report here that said someone else had just
climbed out of that hole. What the Hell is going on down there? Revolution? Vacation? Somebody fart? Your guess is
as good as mine kiddies. Thanks for listening children, this is 3 Dog, and you're listening to Galaxy News Radio.
We're radio Free Wasteland, and we're here, for you. Time once more for an important PSA. Remember, children, when
the raiders come, there ain't no shame in locking your doors, barricading the windows, and cowering under the
nearest bed. When these psychos come to play, they have one thing on their minds: making your life as fucking
miserable as humanly possible. Raiders can't be bargained or reasoned with, and there ain't no use surrendering,
cause they'll just shoot you anyway. So run, hide or... fight, if you've got the balls and the guns. But for God's
sake, don't go wavin' the white flag. They'll just strangle you with it. And now, some music. This is Bob Crosby,
taking us Way Back Home.

Helloo, Capital Wasteland! This is 3 Dog coming to you loud and proud from GNR! Everyone ready for the Capital
Wasteland lastest news? me neither, but it's that time again. There have been more and more sightings of Raiders
over by Evergreen Mills. Smart money's on them having some kind of camp out that way. Thanks for listneing children!
This is 3 Dog, and you're listening to GNR, we're radio free Wasteland, and we're here, for you. And now a super
important PSA. Don't feed the Yao Gui, that is all. And now, some music.

People of the Capital Wasteland, it is I, 3 Dog, your ruler, hear me and obey. Oh sorry, that's that OTHER radio
station. Got lots of stuff going down in post apocolyptia these days, Here's some of the latest news. Here's a
question for all you faithful listeners. Have you guys and gals ever seen... a tree? No, no, no. Not those shriveled
black things. I’m talking real trees. Brown bark, green leaves, photosynthesis, all that good stuff. Now what if I,
the all-powerful Three Dog, were to tell you that somewhere right here in the Capital Wasteland, there’s a place
with LOTS of trees. A veritable Oasis of green in that depressing sea of brown. Look, it was years ago, and I MAY
have been experimenting with Jet at the time, but I’m telling you, it’s out there. Until next time, this is 3 Dog,
and you're listening to GNR, Bringing the truth, no matter how bad it hurts. And now, some music.

GNR, 3 Dog, all you need to know. Seems we got, dadadaa, bit of news, just listen to this. There has been more and
more sightings of raiders by evergreen mills. Smart money is on them having some sort of camp out that way. Keep that
in mind the next time you feel like nosing around that nighborhood. Thanks for listening, children, this is 3 Dog,
and you're listening to galaxy news radio, we're radio free wasteland, and we're here, for you. And now, some music.
How about some easy living, by everyone's favorite songstress, Billie Holiday.

3 Dog, bow wow, Your voice in the darkness. Or at least, the radiation. Here's the latest news! unemployment is down,
stocks are up, and the UN has just declared global peace forever. Now the real news. Ugh, I've been getting more and
more reports of these mercenary maniacs from talon company, especially in the downtown DC area. If you see these
hombres, steer clear. Whatever you have, they want, and they're not really into asking politely. Word is, these guys
take all the contracts the other mercs won't. In short, there's nothing they won't do, so be careful out there.
Thanks for listening, children, this is 3 Dog, and you're listening to galaxy news radio, we're radio free wasteland,
and we're here, for you. Now, some music.

When 1 dog is not enough, and 2's too low, it's me 3 Dog! How you kids handling post apocolyptia today? Seems we got,
dadadaa, bit of news, just listen to this. Okay, it seems the settlement of Grayditch has gone... quiet. Residents
haven't gone out to trade with caravans, and attempts to make contact haven been met with silence. So if you're out
by Grayditch, you might want to pop in, and see what's what. Thanks for listneing children! This is 3 Dog, and
you're listening to GNR, we're radio free Wasteland, and we're here, for you. Up next, got a publis service
anouncement, listen up children, this stuffs important. Remember, children, when the raiders come, there ain't no
shame in locking your doors, barricading the windows, and cowering under the nearest bed. When these psychos come to
 play, they have one thing on their minds: making your life as fucking miserable as humanly possible. Raiders can't
be bargained or reasoned with, and there ain't no use surrendering, cause they'll just shoot you anyway. So run,
hide or... fight, if you've got the balls and the guns. But for God's sake, don't go wavin' the white flag. They'll
just strangle you with it. And now, some music. It's Roy Brown, singing about the one, the only, Butcher Pete.

This is Galaxy News Radio, and I'm your host, 3 Dog, Lord and master of all I survey. Everyone ready for the Capital
Wastelands latest news. Me either, but it's that time again. Two weeks. It's been two weeks since our boys in power
armor kicked those Enclave bastards out of Project Purity, and started that baby chuggin'. Now, y'all remember James,
right? Father of 101? Well Three Dog has learned that back in the day, James' wife had a dream. See, she was a
scientist, too. Worked on that project. You know what she wanted? The waters of life! Free, clean! Err, for any, and
all! God, ain't that beautiful? But even better, it's finally happened, the water is clean and Hell yeah, it's free,
OWWWWW! Just a little patience children. As I speak, the Brotherhood is working with Rivet City Security to get that
fresh water to the wasteland, the caravans are comin'! So get your glasses ready, children. This round's on me!
Until next time, this is 3 Dog, OWWW, and your listening to Galaxy News Radio, bringing you the truth, no matter how
bad it hurts. Time once again for an important GNR Public Service Announcement. Listen kiddos, never forget the
importance of periodic weapon maintenance. Rifle, pistol, police baton, I don't care which. If your weapon is
falling apart, the only wasteland asshole it's gonna kill is you. So be smart. Salvage those parts and make repairs
whenever you can. And now, some music.

Let me ask you something children, you hungry for some 200 year old salsbury steak, or you hungry for some news? I'm
guessing news, hehe, here you go. Here's a question for all you faithful listeners. Have you guys and gals ever
seen... a tree? No, no, no. Not those shriveled black things. I’m talking real trees. Brown bark, green leaves,
photosynthesis, all that good stuff. Now what if I, the all-powerful Three Dog, were to tell you that somewhere
right here in the Capital Wasteland, there’s a place with LOTS of trees. A veritable Oasis of green in that
depressing sea of brown. Look, it was years ago, and I MAY have been experimenting with Jet at the time, but I’m
telling you, it’s out there. Thanks for listneing children! This is 3 Dog, and you're listening to GNR, we're radio
free Wasteland, and we're here, for you. Up next, got a publis service anouncement, listen up children, this stuffs
important. Just a friendly reminder to all you would-be bigots out there, ghouls are people too. You see, children,
ghouls are simply humans who've been exposed to an ungodly amount of radiation and haven't had the good fortune to
die. Sure, they may look like hideous zombies from an old monster flick, but their hearts, their souls, their tears,
are all very much human. So please, if you meet one of the Capital Wasteland's many Ghouls, leave your prejudice at
the door an your pistol in its holster. Ah, yes, one important caveat, kiddies. Those feral ghouls that prefer the
dark, dank underground? They ARE basically mindless zombies. So kill as many as you damn well please. And now, some
music.